Add glossary entries for ambient (#12805)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/sidecar.md

---
title: Sidecar
test: n/a
---

A sidecar, generally, is a container that runs alongside a primary application to provide additional functionality.

> In Istio, sidecar is a {{< gloss >}}data plane mode{{< /gloss >}} that runs an {{< gloss >}}Envoy{{< /gloss >}} proxy alongside each
> {{< gloss >}}Pod{{< /gloss >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Istio, sidecar is a [data plane mode](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane-mode) that runs an [Envoy](/docs/reference/glossary/#envoy) proxy alongside each
[Pod](/docs/reference/glossary/#pod).
```
